and when we do the roll I'm going to
show you how to presenting so that even
it's so beautiful and chicken we can
marinate it or if you prefer like boy
it's okay oh you can actually even use
them over Toki right yeah anything by
citizen can do for everything these same
so here we have salad Tara and cucumber
this is the the Chinese child okay when
we eat very spring roll we must have
that but in here you know whatever you
want and I mean I have to eat i buy 100
i think the regular me and the other one
is by summation takes it to tie this is
when we will be it the token asian you
must have them okay and the least proud
of course the sauce is peanut we argue
over here we use peanut butter with
Constance awesome and after we mix
together we square little pepper lemon
juice in there all right too yeah you
have to put an award I don't why it crap
yeah okay with this yeah and we can
actually put everything in now okay so
the first thing we'll push the hahaha
Vince Brown and this rice noodle we can
put this if you want but usually in the
venomous spindle we don't act them we
can put this okay and this and oh sorry
let let me do the chicken first tooth is
good okay you're going to put it like
this so when we roll with on the seal
all right now one is like that this wall
we put at the end okay so we just fold
this in one time yeah yeah that's at you
you didn't if you put too much water you
cannot roll it at all ok so now from
that from the bottom here you're just
for them right and if you do it type is
good so now you can put this let me put
this this is the way the people will do
and we always put placed a little bit
sticking out
when the top for decoration okay then
you you just push them tight right I'm
eventually going to break any doesn't
matter say you can see the meat yeah so
with the stream with the swim I gonna do
it a swim Bravo so this is how we make a
pretty Osprey know so who won one what
you did there wouldn't go there